added docs for date types and predicates supported in elastic (#8464)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/elasticsearch.rst

        }
    }'

Date types
^^^^^^^^^^

Elasticsearch supports a wide array of `date`_ formats including `built in date formats`_ and also `custom date formats`_.

> Currently the elasticsearch connector supports neither built in date formats nor custom formats. Date with `format`_ property is ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the elasticsearch connector supports neither built in date formats nor custom formats. Dates with the `format`_ property are ignored.
```

Author: Done.

> Currently, the elasticsearch connector supports neither built in date formats nor custom formats. Dates with the `format`_ property are ignored.

Reviewer 2: Sounds confusing. If it supports neither then what is actually supported?

It's generally better to word these things as the supported case. i.e. `Currently the elasticsearch connector supports only xyz dates. All other date formats including built-in or custom are not supported.`?

Author: Oh yeah. When I re-read it, even I felt like confusing. Let me rephrase it.
`Currently, the elasticsearch connector supports only default date type. All other date formats including built-in and custom formats are not supported. Date with the `format`_ property is ignored.`

Reviewer 2: Yes it does. Thanks.

        }
    }'

Date types
^^^^^^^^^^

> Elasticsearch supports a wide array of `date`_ formats including `built-in date formats`_ and also `custom date formats`_.

Reviewer 3: Wrap at 80 char width please

Author: I have wrapped it here now. But the same convention hasn't been followed throughout the document.

Reviewer 3: I know .. we will have to do a bulk wrap edit at some stage.. for now we have been doing piecemeal improvements so doing it for new content helps. And also works better for reviews..

> Currently, the elasticsearch connector supports only default **date** type. All other date formats including `built-in date formats`_ and `custom date formats`_ are not supported.

Reviewer 3: The Elasticsearch connector supports only ..

Author: Addressed.

Reviewer 3: Doesnt look like it

        }
    }'

Date types
^^^^^^^^^^

Elasticsearch supports a wide array of `date`_ formats including
`built-in date formats`_ and also `custom date formats`_.

> The Elasticsearch connector supports only default ``date`` type. All other date

Reviewer 3: only the default

Author: Done.

        }
    }'

Date types
^^^^^^^^^^

> The Elasticsearch supports a wide array of `date`_ formats including

Reviewer 3: Elasticsearch supports

`built-in date formats`_ and also `custom date formats`_.

> The Elasticsearch connector supports only default **date** type. All other date

Reviewer 3: use code highlight
```
default ``date`` type.
```

formats including `built-in date formats`_ and `custom date formats`_ are not
supported.

> Dates with the `format`_ property are ignored.

Reviewer 3: move up to prior line

.. _full text query: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/query-dsl-query-string-query.html#query-string-syntax

> Predicates push down

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Predicate push down
```

Author: Done

-------------------

> Supports predicates push down of below data types:

Reviewer: Missed this: predicate push down

Author: Done.

.. _full text query: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/query-dsl-query-string-query.html#query-string-syntax

Predicate push down
-------------------

> Supports predicate push down of below data types:

Reviewer 3: The connector supports predicate ...
